# Seven Card Stud Poker Solver - Setup

To run the Stud Solver on your machine, make a clone of this repository and ensure that you have the following modules installed
```
numpy
torch
pyspiel (OpenSpiel)
eval7 # for evaluating winning hands
matplotlib (optional)
seaborn (optional)
```

You may get a DepreciationWarning if you're using a version of Numpy later than 1.25.x, which you most likely are. It has to do with extracting a scalar from an array, but its a non-issue for this project, so you don't need to worry about it.

## Running

To run, just run the "escher.py" script. I've already pre-set the parameters such that they run best for Stud, but if you want to modify them, go to lines 1292-1323 and adjust accordingly.

To choose the number of units and hidden layers, modify the tuple(s) for each net, where each entry is the number of the nodes in a given hidden layer. For example (512, 512, 512) is three hidden layers of 512 units each.

## Examining Policies

I also wrote a script for viewing the range charts generated by ESCHER. You will need matplotlib and seaborn to view the range charts. To generate a chart, you will be queried on the cards dealt, and the actions performed during the hand. Make sure the hand you input is not terminal, as you can't generate action probabilities when there are no legal actions.

Cards are numbered 0-51 and go from 2 to A
```
0-12 (Clubs)
13-25 (Hearts)
26-38 (Hearts)
39-51 (Spades)

e.g. '30' is the 6 of Hearts
```

Actions are numbered 0-5
```
0 - Bring-In
1 - Complete
2 - Call
3 - Bet/Raise
4 - Fold
5 - Check
```

It may take a few seconds for it to pop up, but it will generate a range chart for the given cards. Make sure to fullscreen the plot as well to get a better view.